Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Pidge] This is Katie Holt,
Paladin of the Green Voltron Lion,
broadcasting to Earth.
Does anyone copy? Over.
[display beeping]
I repeat,
this is the Paladin of the Green Lion
and part of the Voltron Coalition.
If you hear me, please respond. Over.
[static crackling]
Dad, are you there?
-What are you looking at?
-Oh, hey.
[chuckles]
Didn't see you there-- right there.
I'm just checking out the Lion.
[Hunk] A good pilot can tell you
everything you need to know
by a solid visual inspection.
It's time consuming, yes, and it takes
impeccable attention to detail,
but it's worth it, trust me.
Amazing.
Hunk, I just ran a multi-lion
system diagnostic test.
The report back showed
that the faunatonium partially replenished
the power cores,
but they're still not at 100 percent,
so we'll need to take it slow.
Yep, "partially replenished" power core.
Nailed it.
That's pretty much what I got, too.
Were you able to contact Earth?
No luck.
The low power levels are probably
affecting our broadcast distance.
-I'll keep trying as we head for Earth.
-I can't believe we're finally going home.
I'm gonna hug my parents and never let go.
I can't wait to see how Dad integrated
Altean and Earth technologies together.
I bet he came up with something amazing.
And my mom...
oh, she's gonna be so mad at me
for running away.
I hope I'm not grounded.
How long you think it'll take us
to get home?
I was just calculating that now.
Without the luxury of a wormhole
and with diminished power cores,
let me see, carry the one...
oh, it's gonna take us approximately
150,000 Earth years.
-[all gasping]
-A hundred and fifty thousand years?
Coran, I think your finger counting
is a little off.
-It's gonna be 1.5 years.
-[all groaning]
Oh, right. I didn't carry the three.
It's going to be a very long
and difficult voyage,
but it's our only chance to replace
the Castle of Lions.
There were times when I thought
I'd never see Earth again.
To be able to go back--
Well, what are we waiting for, guys?
Let's hit the space road.
I suppose we need to figure out
who's flying with whom.
And what about the animals?
What about them?
[Coran] Well, the Wolf can't go
with Kaltenecker, wolves eat cows.
Cow can't be in the same area as the mice
because aren't cows afraid of mice?
No, elephants are afraid of mice.
-Elephants?
-Yeah.
They're giant, gray animals
with long noses that grab things.
Giants with long, grabbing noses?
Earth seems so strange.
The wolf is riding with me, but that
means Hunk will have to take the cow.
Me with the cow? Not a good idea.
Hunk's right.
Keith, you're keeping the cow.
Someone else is gonna have
to take the wolf.
Not me. I am allergic.
I'll take the mice.
How come you get the smallest passengers?
I say we go old school and draw straws.
-But I'm terrible at drawing.
-She really is.
One time, she tried to draw her Nan-nan,
but what she came up with,
I've gotta say it looked more like
a flan-bil-diplor.
Guys, you're all overthinking this.
I know exactly where everyone should go.
[chittering]
Hunk and mice, ready to go.
I'm ready too.
But the wolf looks restless.
How did I get stuck with it again?
-I'd gladly trade you the wolf for--
-I have a question.
-Why did we let Lance decide all this?
-Enough whining!
Romelle and I are going to Earth,
who's coming with us?
[power surges]
Ah.
This is so great. You guys are like
the ultimate road trip companions.
Oh, and I get to finally play some of
your Earth road games. I'll go first.
I spy with my little eye
something that starts with "plexis."
Coran, we don't know the Altean alphabet.
Well, then this is perfect!
I can teach you.
♪ Exus, plexis, ceedus, flee,
jaydus, nacto, pledum, ree ♪
What does this one do? Is this the lasers?
Where's the mouth-blade button?
It's jaw-blade,
and don't please touch that.
Romelle, come on.
This is a dangerous war machine.
What if something happens to you?
What if you have to go to the bathroom
and you break your leg
and then we're attacked,
and I have to save the day?
Lance, check it out. Ah!
I'm being attacked by giant mice.
Stop! They're eating my face.
[chuckles]
Ah, just kidding.
I took these pictures myself.
They're mice-selfies.
[Lance]  Not now, Hunk,
I got my hands full.
Oh, man, I gotta send this one to Allura.
-No! Bad! Stop biting that.
-[snarls]
Put the Belexiam assembly down
right now, or so help me--!
Keith, your wolf is tearing up
the cargo hold.
Because he's lonely.
Just let him in the cockpit.
I will absolutely not let that beast
in the cockpit.
[Hunk]  Guys, check out this picture.
The mice look so cute.
[Romelle] Oh, this looks shiny!
-What did you touch?
-What if I touch this?
Guys, I think I did a bad job
choosing the passengers.
♪ Exus, plexis, ceedus, flee,
jaydus, nacto, pledum, ree ♪
♪ Joodum, ruu, and leeum too
That puts us just halfway through ♪
♪ There's mai-ox, kay, and jibley-way
Afus, nofus, youkus-play ♪
[videogame beeping]
♪ Beefur, leefur, agus-play ♪
♪ At the end, flancko and blee! ♪
Who wants to see the mice
stacked on my head?
You've gotta be kidding me!
Wonderful,
now everything is covered in wolf drool.
Oh, yeah, he's super drooly.
[Hunk]  Say cheese.
-[Lance]  Romelle!
-[Keith]  Just let him up front.
[Allura]  No.
[singing continues]
That's it! We're switching passengers.
I second that.
Agreed.
Hey, why haven't we heard from Pidge?
Yeah. Wait, who's in her lion again?
I don't know, you're the one
that came up with this grouping.
Well, she must have--
no, they're with Keith.
And the wolf is with Allura,
I have the mice.
Is she all alone?
Oh, come on, guys, this is so not fair.
I call dibs on playing
the video game first.
But I already have the controller.
[Coran] Pidge, tell Romelle
to give me the controller.
I called it first.
[Pidge] No. Nope. Nuh-uh. No way.
Can't do this.
[Krolia] This is the Klii-Nyn System.
There's a Blade of Marmora rally point
located on a moon here.
We should check in with them
and get an update on their operations.
Team, we're going to make a quick stop.
Everyone follow me.
[Krolia] Hailing Zailox Station.
Please respond.
-Repeat, Zailox Station. Please respond.
-[static crackling]
[grunts]
[Keith] It doesn't look like anyone's
been here for years.
The system won't boot.
Looks like the backup power
has been out for a while.
If the Blade of Marmora
abandoned this place,
that means something really bad
must have happened.
[Krolia] That's impossible.
This base was still fully operational
during my last check in with the Blades.
-[thuds]
-[all grunting]
[Coran] Enemy ship! Incoming!
Everyone, back to the Lions.
[rumbling]
[roaring]
It looks like a small fleet.
Mostly Galra fighters.
That's good. We should be able
to take them out pretty easily.
-[all grunting]
-[Coran] Oh!
Yeah, but remember,
we're not flying at full power.
Pidge is right. Everyone stay sharp.
Keep an eye out.
Where there are fighters
there's usually a cruiser nearby.
Some of these ships
look like they belong to Lotor's fleet.
How did you get in here?
-[explosion]
-[both grunt]
Whoa! How did you do that?
[grunts]
Sorry, it's gonna be a rough ride. Ah!
We need to get out of here.
Guys, they've got me. I can't move.
Hang on, Hunk.
I'm gonna get you out of there.
[all grunting]
[Hunk] Thanks, Keith.
We're getting our quiznacks handed to us.
We need to do something.
-We need to form Voltron.
-Okay. Everyone, in formation.
It's not working.
Hold!
The Lions can't take much more of this.
Abort!
[grunts] What the heck just happened?
I'm guessing the Lions didn't have
enough power to form Voltron.
So now what?
We run.
Ah!
[Hunk and Lance grunting]
Is everyone okay?
-I'm okay.
-Me too.
What did we hit?
[display beeping]
Xanthorium crystals. They've been cloaked.
[crystals shattering]
[grunts]
[grunting]
Whoa! Where did that come from?
I've never seen the Galra
use weapons like these before.
And they're not using standard
Galra battle formations.
How are we gonna get away?
They're trying to trap us by chasing us
through this tunnel of crystals.
[Pidge] He's right.
Look, there are more crystals up ahead.
[Hunk] They're corralling us
like we're space cattle.
They backed us into a corner.
We got xanthorium crystals all around us,
pirates behind us,
and a cyclone blocking our exit.
[Keith] We have no choice.
Everyone into the cyclone.
Hunk, that means you and I are gonna
have to punch a hole through the storm
and create a path for the team. You ready?
[Hunk] As I'll ever be.
[thrusters revving]
[grunts]
Guys, we can't take much more of this.
Everyone scan the area
for anything we can use for cover.
We need to go somewhere
where we have the advantage.
There's a volcanic ice planet nearby.
It has geysers, steam vents, ice tunnels,
extreme changes in temperature
and an unstable core.
It's super dangerous. It's perfect.
Okay, team, let's do this.
All right, everybody,
stay in formation and follow me.
Geyser. Geyser!
Ha! You missed.
Watch out for the falling ice.
[Keith] A cave.
That gives me an idea.
Lance, bring up the rear.
When everyone's through the tunnel,
fire above the cave opening.
Red should be fast enough to get in before
the avalanche completely blocks the way.
Roger that, team leader.
[Keith] We'll see each other
on the other side.
Here goes nothing.
[display beeping]
[Lance] Uh-oh! Some of them
still made it through.
[Keith] Split up. We need to thin
our attackers.
[display beeping]
He's trying to break in.
I'll take care of him.
No, you're still recovering. I'll do it.
All right.
[Keith] Wait!
Take this.
I'll help, too.
Whoa! Ah!
Hello? Krolia?
Anyone? A little help here. Guys?
[both grunt]
[grunts] Hang on!
[grunts]
[groans]
[thrusters revving]
[grunting]
Ah!
[explosion]
Nice!
-Oh, no.
-What are you waiting for? Shoot him.
-I can't. The jaws are stuck shut.
-I'll take care of him.
[grunting]
[grunts]
Allura, open the mouth.
[screams]
Is everyone okay?
-Clear.
-Me too, thanks to Romelle.
Well, Pidge and I need help.
Yeah, we can't shake these guys
and we don't have any room to maneuver.
I see your location.
We're headed your way.
What should we do? You usually have ideas.
I don't know. My cannon isn't operational.
[grunting]
Know what?
Let me know if you have any thoughts.
We could really use some help right now.
-[gasps]
-[snarling]
[whimpering]
[Lance] What just happened?
I think the wolf just saved us.
[chuckles]
[wolf whimpering]
Oh, no. Are you okay, wolfie?
[pants, whimpers]
[all grutning]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org